Skip to main content

Worked for 2s
Good news: the key is now working correctly.

The new error means your OpenAI account has no credits left.

What the error means
You have no credits remaining
Your API key is valid, but the account has used up its free credits (or paid balance) and needs more money added.

How to fix it
Go to:
https://platform.openai.com/settings/organization/billing/
Add a payment method and buy some credits (even $5–$10 is plenty for testing this project).
After the credits are added, wait 1–2 minutes, then try running the app again:
python -m streamlit run app.py
Notes
New OpenAI accounts often get a small amount of free credit, but it runs out quickly.
Once you add paid credits, this project is very cheap to run (especially with gpt-4o-mini).
You can also check your current usage/balance here:
https://platform.openai.com/usage
Would you like me to also show you how to switch the model to something even cheaper, or keep it as-is for now?

yes.  cheaper.


Worked for 3s
Here’s how to make it cheaper.

Change the model in agent.py
Open agent.py and find this line:

model="gpt-4o-mini",
Change it to one of these cheaper options (from cheapest → a bit better):

Model	Relative Cost	Notes	Recommendation
gpt-4.1-nano	Lowest	Very cheap, still decent	Best for max savings
gpt-4o-mini	Very low	Current setting (already cheap)	Good balance
gpt-4.1-mini	Low	Better quality than nano	Good middle ground
Recommended change for maximum savings
Replace the line with:

model="gpt-4.1-nano",
So the relevant part looks like this:

def get_agent() -> Agent:
    return Agent(
        name="Website Monitor",
        model="gpt-4.1-nano",          # ← changed to cheapest
        instructions="""
...
Save the file, then run the app again:

python -m streamlit run app.py
Would you like me to also show you the exact full updated get_agent function so you can just copy-paste it?

I changed it to nano.  I am happy with the app's layout and function.  I wonder how hard it would be to run this on a godaddy Linux server?


Worked for 18s
Short answer:

It is possible on a GoDaddy Linux server, but not easy on their normal shared hosting. It works much better on a VPS.

Difficulty breakdown
Hosting Type	Difficulty	Will it work well?	Notes
GoDaddy Shared Hosting (cPanel)	Hard / Often impossible	Poor	No long-running processes, limited ports, restricted Python environment
GoDaddy VPS	Medium	Good	Full control, you can install everything
Better alternatives (Railway, Render, DigitalOcean, Streamlit Cloud)	Easy	Excellent	Designed for this kind of app
Why shared hosting is a problem
Streamlit needs to keep a process running continuously and usually listens on a port (like 8501).

GoDaddy shared hosting is built for PHP websites and does not allow this kind of long-running Python web app easily.

Realistic options ranked
Easiest (recommended)
Deploy on Streamlit Community Cloud (free) or Railway / Render
Just connect a GitHub repo and it runs
Good middle ground
Get a cheap VPS (DigitalOcean, Linode, or GoDaddy VPS)
Install Python + the packages and run Streamlit with a process manager (systemd or supervisor)
Hardest
Try to force it onto GoDaddy shared hosting (usually not worth the pain)
Would you like me to show you the easiest path?
I can give you clear steps for any of these:

A) Deploy to Streamlit Community Cloud (easiest + free)
B) Deploy to a cheap VPS (DigitalOcean or similar)
C) Try to make it work on a GoDaddy VPS
Which one interests you most?




9 sources
I am not familiar with these (A) Deploy to Streamlit Community Cloud (easiest + free)

B) Deploy to a cheap VPS (DigitalOcean or similar)), but I would like to learn more about the easiest one to learn.

Worked for 12s
Streamlit Community Cloud is the easiest option by far for beginners. Here’s a clear overview.

What is Streamlit Community Cloud?
It’s a free service from the makers of Streamlit that lets you put your app online so anyone (or only you) can open it in a browser.

No server management
No Linux commands
No credit card required for the free tier
You just connect a GitHub account and click “Deploy”
How it works (simple version)
You put your project files on GitHub (a free website for storing code)
You log into Streamlit Community Cloud with your GitHub account
You point it at your project and click Deploy
Streamlit gives you a public link (like https://your-app-name.streamlit.app)
That’s it.

What you need
Item	Do you need it?	Notes
GitHub account	Yes	Free
Your project files	Yes	The ones we already have
requirements.txt	Yes	Already have it
OpenAI API key	Yes	You put it in Streamlit’s “Secrets” (safer than putting it in the code)
Credit card	No (free tier)	-
Difficulty level
If you’ve never used GitHub before → mild learning curve (about 20–30 minutes the first time)
After that, future updates are very easy
Limitations of the free tier
Apps go to sleep after a period of inactivity (they wake up when someone visits)
Limited resources (fine for a personal tool like this)
Public by default (you can make it private if you want)
Would you like me to walk you through it step-by-step?
I can give you a complete beginner-friendly guide that covers:

Creating a free GitHub account
Uploading your project files
Connecting Streamlit Community Cloud
Safely adding your OpenAI API key
Deploying the app
Just say yes and I’ll start with Step 1.




8 sources



AI Agents Projects with Python - Grok